how is it going everybody this is our PT
coming at you with once again another
position will break down for the 2013
NFL Draft and in this episode we will be
breaking down the top 5 cornerback
prospects for this draft and let's get
started and dropping in at number five
we have David Amerson the 6-foot 295
pound junior out of North Carolina State
his junior season he recorded 61 tackles
and five interceptions but we all know
David Amerson for his record-breaking a
sophomore season when he had an FBS
record 13 interceptions this guy is the
definition of a ball hawkish tremendous
ball skills great size and he's very
aggressive but his aggressiveness can
lead to him being beat by double moves
and we saw that quite a bit last season
he's great man coverage but he does not
possess great recovery speed and like I
said he was beat quite a few times deep
this season and his interceptions did
drop off compared to his sophomore to
junior seasons but that's most likely a
sign of coaches just being a little bit
too scared to throw his direction
because he's such a ball hawk and for
David Amerson I have him projected going
mid 2nd around in this 2013 NFL draft
coming in at number four we have
Jonathan banks a 6-foot 190-pound senior
at a Mississippi State his senior
campaign he had 63 tackles and four
interceptions he has great height and
length the position sit in 61 190 he has
good hands for a corner and he's great
and jump ball situations he's a very
tough player as he never gives up on the
play he always is around the ball he's
an effective Blitzer and with this given
height sitting 61 he is still quite thin
as physical receivers can separate
easily from him down field he does not
display great straight-line speed he's
inconsistent and finding the ball what's
his thrown in the air and he's also
known to take bad angles but for
Jonathan banks is a great overall corner
has been projected going went early
second-round in this 2013 NFL draft
coming in at number three we have Jordan
Poyer the 5 foot 11 190 pound senior out
of Oregon State during his senior
campaign he recorded 51 tackles and
seven interceptions he has fluid hips
and has the quickness to jump a route he
has good hands for defensive back he's a
big hitter and just the overall great
cover corner hey buddy only has average
height for NFL corner and he must prove
in Excel and press coverage in the NFL
he needs to improve in his back peddling
and he doesn't have great recovery speed
so he needs to work on that and he also
was not a great open field tackle er so
that might be a question to some NFL
scouts my projection for Jordan Poyer is
early second round in this 2013 NFL
draft coming in at number two we have
Xavier Rhodes a redshirt junior out of
Florida State sitting is 61 215 pounds
during his junior campaign at Florida
State he recorded 39 tackles and three
interceptions he has great size first
position he's great impressed coverage
and intends to always knock his receiver
off balance off the line impressed
coverage he has gotten better in run
support as that was a question in years
past he's a big hitter and he's a great
downfield cover corner he doesn't react
quickly enough to the run and he misses
too many tackles especially in the open
field he lacks closing speed and he's
better in make man coverage compared to
zone and projected for Xavier Rhodes to
have him go in late first round in this
2013 NFL Draft I'm coming in at number
one as probably expected we have Dee
milliner the junior of Alabama sitting
at 61 200 pounds and during his junior
campaign at Alabama he recorded 54
tackles and two interceptions he has
great size for a corner he has strength
to fight with any NFL receiver he's
great in press coverage and he can lay a
big hit he has to hit Flutie to stay
locked down on receivers in deep routes
he's very quick and has straight line
and closing speed physical runners are
known to break his arm tackles and he
can sometimes struggle at tackling in
open space and he has played under Nick
Saban and Nick Saban's corners are
taught not to backpedal so we will have
to learn how to backpedal in the NFL
thus you must develop new footwork and
technique and my protection for Dee
milliner is early first round in this
2013 NFL Draft so thank you guys for
watching I hope you enjoyed please
subscribe to my channel if you haven't
already and check out my other position
breakdowns I've done quarterback while
receiver running back safety and
something else but i still have
linebackers coming up offensive line
defensive line and safeties
so thanks for watching have a great day
roll tide go Sox and go Titans to you
like I said subscribe to my channel if
you haven't already and please comment
below with your top five corners for
this 2013 NFL Draft see you guys later
have a great night